Update OpenTelemetry components to v0.119.0 (#2737)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/otelcol/otelcol.exporter.otlphttp.md

The following blocks are supported inside the definition of `otelcol.exporter.otlphttp`:

| Hierarchy                   | Block                  | Description                                                                | Required |
|-----------------------------|------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| client                      | [client][]             | Configures the HTTP server to send telemetry data to.                      | yes      |
| client > tls                | [tls][]                | Configures TLS for the HTTP client.                                        | no       |
| client > cookies            | [cookies][]            | Store cookies from server responses and reuse them in subsequent requests. | no       |

> | client > compression_params | [compression_params][] | Configure advanced compression options                                     | no       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| client > compression_params | [compression_params][] | Configure advanced compression options.                                    | no       |
```

----------|--------|-------------------------------------------|------------|---------
`enabled` | `bool` | The target URL to send telemetry data to. | `false`    | no

### compression_params block

The `compression_params` block allows for configuration of advanced compression options.

The following arguments are supported:

Name      | Type   | Description                               | Default    | Required
----------|--------|-------------------------------------------|------------|---------
`level`   | `int`  | Configure compression level.              |            | yes

> For valid combinations of `client.compression` and `client.compression_params.level`, see the [upstream documentation][confighttp].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For valid combinations of `client.compression` and `client.compression_params.level`, refer to the [upstream documentation][confighttp].
```
